Initial Amazon SQS Connector (#1)
conduitio-labs/conduit-connector-sqs: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Description

Please include a summary of the change and what type of change it is (new feature, bug fix, refactoring, documentation).
Please also include relevant motivation and context.
List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

### Quick checks:

> - [ ] There is no other [pull request](https://github.com/conduitio/conduit-connector-connectorname/pulls) for the same update/change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] There is no other [pull request](https://github.com/conduitio-labs/conduit-connector-sqs/pulls) for the same update/change.
```
